{"selector":":nth-child(1 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##0,3","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(1 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##5,8","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(1 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##10,10","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(1 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##12,19","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(1 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##21,27","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(1 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##29,33","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(1 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##35,35","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(1 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##37,45","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(1 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##47,50","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(1 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##52,54","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(1 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##56,61","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(1 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##0,3","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(1 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##5,8","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(1 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##10,10","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(1 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##12,17","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(1 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##19,21","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(1 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##23,29","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(1 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##31,36","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(1 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##38,39","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(1 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##41,49","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(1 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##51,54","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(1 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##0,4","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(1 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##6,6","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(1 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##8,14","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(1 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##16,21","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(1 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##23,30","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(1 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##32,39","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(1 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##41,45","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(1 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##47,50","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(1 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##52,52","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(1 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##54,61","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(1 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##0,1","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(1 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##3,4","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(1 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##6,9","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(1 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##11,13","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(1 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##15,20","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(1 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##22,29","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(1 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##31,37","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(1 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##39,40","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(1 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##42,43","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(1 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##45,51","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(1 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##53,57","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(1 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##0,4","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(1 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##6,9","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(1 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##11,19","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(1 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##21,21","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(1 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##23,31","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(1 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##33,40","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(1 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##42,43","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(1 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##45,46","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(1 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##48,54","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(1 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##56,59","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(1 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##0,3","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(1 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##5,8","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(1 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##10,12","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(1 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##14,20","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(1 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##22,27","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(2 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##0,2","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(2 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##4,13","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(2 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##15,15","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(2 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##17,24","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(2 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##26,27","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(2 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##29,31","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(2 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##33,34","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(2 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##36,38","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(2 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##40,44","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(2 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##46,54","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(2 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##0,2","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(2 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##4,7","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(2 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##9,16","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(2 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##18,22","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(2 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##24,28","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(2 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##30,36","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(2 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##38,40","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(2 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##42,46","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(2 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##48,51","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(2 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##53,55","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(2 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##57,62","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(2 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##0,6","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(2 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##8,8","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(2 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##10,15","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(2 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##17,19","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(2 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##21,27","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(2 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##29,34","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(2 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##36,36","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(2 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##38,40","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(2 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##42,47","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(2 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##49,50","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(2 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##52,57","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(2 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##0,3","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(2 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##5,6","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(2 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##8,12","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(2 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##14,21","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(2 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##23,24","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(2 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##26,31","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(2 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##33,38","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(2 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##40,42","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(2 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##44,46","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(2 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##48,51","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(2 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##53,58","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(2 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##0,2","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(2 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##4,6","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(2 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##8,11","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(2 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##13,15","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(2 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##17,23","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(2 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##25,30","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(2 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##32,35","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(2 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##37,39","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(2 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##41,46","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(2 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##48,51","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(2 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##53,58","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(2 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##0,7","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(2 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##9,12","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(2 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##14,16","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(2 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##18,26","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(3 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##0,2","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(3 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##4,6","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(3 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##8,14","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(3 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##16,19","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(3 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##21,29","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(3 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##31,38","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(3 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##40,41","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(3 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##43,46","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(3 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##48,53","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(3 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##55,61","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(3 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##0,7","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(3 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##9,10","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(3 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##12,17","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(3 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##19,20","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(3 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##22,25","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(3 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##27,35","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(3 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##37,43","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(3 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##45,49","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(3 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##51,54","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(3 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##56,62","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(3 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##0,1","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(3 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##3,6","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(3 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##8,11","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(3 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##13,14","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(3 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##16,20","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(3 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##22,24","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(3 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##26,32","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(3 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##34,35","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(3 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##37,38","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(3 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##40,45","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(3 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##47,47","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(3 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##49,53","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(3 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##55,63","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(3 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##0,4","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(3 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##6,9","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(3 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##11,17","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(3 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##19,28","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(3 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##30,37","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(3 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##39,40","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(3 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##42,43","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(3 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##45,51","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(3 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##53,56","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(3 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##0,3","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(3 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##5,8","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(3 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##10,16","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(3 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##18,27","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(3 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##29,36","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(3 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##38,39","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(3 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##41,42","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(3 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##44,50","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(3 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##52,56","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(3 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##0,3","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(3 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##5,6","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(3 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##8,9","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(3 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##11,13","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(3 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##15,21","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(3 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##23,28","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(4 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##0,8","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(4 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##10,11","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(4 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##13,16","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(4 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##18,21","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(4 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##23,31","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(4 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##33,42","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(4 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##44,47","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(4 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##49,50","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(4 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##52,58","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(4 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##0,5","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(4 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##7,10","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(4 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##12,13","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(4 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##15,17","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(4 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##19,24","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(4 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##26,30","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(4 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##32,35","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(4 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##37,47","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(4 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##49,49","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(4 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##51,58","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(4 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##0,2","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(4 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##4,6","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(4 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##8,11","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(4 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##13,14","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(4 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##16,16","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(4 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##18,20","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(4 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##22,29","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(4 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##31,33","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(4 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##35,36","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(4 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##38,43","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(4 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##45,47","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(4 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##49,52","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(4 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##54,61","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(4 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##0,2","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(4 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##4,5","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(4 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##7,13","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(4 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##15,17","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(4 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##19,22","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(4 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##24,31","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(4 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##33,39","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(4 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##41,42","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(4 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##44,45","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(4 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##47,53","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(4 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##55,59","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(4 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##0,3","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(4 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##5,5","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(4 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##7,12","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(4 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##14,16","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(4 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##18,21","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(4 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##23,23","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(4 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##25,29","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(4 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##31,34","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(4 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##36,39","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(4 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##41,41","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(4 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##43,48","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(4 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##50,53","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(4 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##55,57","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(4 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##59,63","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(4 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##0,7","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(4 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##9,13","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(4 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##15,17","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(4 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##19,25","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(4 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##27,31","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(5 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##0,3","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(5 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##5,8","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(5 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##10,13","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(5 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##15,22","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(5 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##24,31","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(5 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##33,36","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(5 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##38,38","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(5 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##40,44","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(5 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##46,50","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(5 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##52,61","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(5 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##63,70","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(5 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##0,8","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(5 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##10,17","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(5 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##19,24","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(5 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##26,27","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(5 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##29,34","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(5 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##36,39","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(5 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##41,45","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(5 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##47,48","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(5 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##50,54","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(5 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##56,62","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(5 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##0,2","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(5 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##4,6","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(5 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##8,14","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(5 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##16,18","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(5 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##20,28","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(5 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##30,32","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(5 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##34,36","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(5 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##38,46","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(5 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##48,51","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(5 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##53,54","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(5 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##56,61","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(5 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##0,2","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(5 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##4,6","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(5 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##8,11","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(5 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##13,16","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(5 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##18,22","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(5 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##24,29","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(5 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##31,33","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(5 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##35,37","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(5 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##39,47","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(5 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##49,53","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(5 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##55,63","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(5 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##0,3","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(5 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##5,5","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(5 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##7,16","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(5 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##18,20","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(5 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##22,23","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(5 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##25,28","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(5 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##30,37","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(5 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##39,42","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(5 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##44,46","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(5 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##48,52","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(5 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##54,62","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(5 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##0,5","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(5 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##7,10","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(5 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##12,14","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(5 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##16,22","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(5 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##24,28","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(6 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##0,3","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(6 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##5,8","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(6 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##10,12","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(6 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##14,20","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(6 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##22,29","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(6 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##31,33","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(6 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##35,36","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(6 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##38,41","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(6 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##43,48","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(6 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##50,51","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(6 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##53,60","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(6 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##0,3","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(6 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##5,5","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(6 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##7,11","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(6 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##13,17","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(6 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##19,19","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(6 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##21,27","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(6 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##29,36","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(6 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##38,43","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(6 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##45,48","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(6 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##50,56","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(6 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##0,8","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(6 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##10,13","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(6 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##15,16","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(6 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##18,24","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(6 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##26,29","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(6 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##31,32","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(6 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##34,42","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(6 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##44,45","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(6 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##47,48","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(6 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##50,55","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(6 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##57,64","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(6 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##0,2","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(6 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##4,5","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(6 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##7,10","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(6 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##12,16","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(6 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##18,21","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(6 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##23,29","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(6 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##31,33","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(6 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##35,37","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(6 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##39,42","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(6 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##44,50","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(6 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##52,58","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(6 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##0,2","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(6 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##4,5","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(6 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##7,11","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(6 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##13,14","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(6 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##16,20","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(6 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##22,22","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(6 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##24,29","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(6 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##31,33","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(6 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##35,38","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(6 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##40,46","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(6 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##48,55","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(6 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##0,3","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(6 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##5,7","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(6 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##9,12","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(6 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##14,16","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(6 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##18,24","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(6 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##26,31","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(7 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##0,3","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(7 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##5,8","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(7 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##10,10","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(7 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##12,16","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(7 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##18,20","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(7 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##22,29","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(7 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##31,35","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(7 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##37,40","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(7 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##42,45","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(7 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##47,47","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(7 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##49,53","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(7 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##55,57","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(7 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##59,66","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(7 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##0,1","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(7 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##3,7","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(7 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##9,15","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(7 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##17,17","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(7 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##19,25","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(7 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##27,31","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(7 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##33,34","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(7 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##36,38","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(7 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##40,46","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(7 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##48,51","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(7 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##53,54","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(7 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##56,60","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(7 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##0,2","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(7 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##4,6","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(7 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##8,12","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(7 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##14,22","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(7 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##24,27","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(7 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##29,31","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(7 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##33,35","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(7 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##37,37","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(7 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##39,44","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(7 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##46,52","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(7 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##54,55","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(7 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##57,62","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(7 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##64,66","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(7 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##0,3","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(7 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##5,8","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(7 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##10,13","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(7 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##15,16","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(7 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##18,21","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(7 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##23,24","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(7 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##26,30","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(7 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##32,38","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(7 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##40,44","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(7 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##46,47","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(7 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##49,55","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(7 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##57,60","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(7 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##0,6","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(7 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##8,11","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(7 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##13,13","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(7 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##15,18","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(7 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##20,21","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(7 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##23,28","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(7 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##30,33","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(7 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##35,39","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(7 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##41,42","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(7 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##44,50","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(7 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##52,55","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(7 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##0,7","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(7 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##9,11","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(7 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##13,16","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(7 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##18,20","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(7 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##22,28","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(7 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##30,34","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(8 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##0,3","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(8 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##5,8","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(8 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##10,14","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(8 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##16,19","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(8 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##21,29","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(8 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##31,32","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(8 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##34,36","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(8 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##38,42","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(8 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##44,47","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(8 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##49,56","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(8 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##0,1","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(8 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##3,5","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(8 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##7,11","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(8 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##13,15","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(8 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##17,21","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(8 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##23,29","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(8 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##31,32","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(8 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##34,36","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(8 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##38,48","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(8 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##50,51","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(8 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##53,57","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(8 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##0,6","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(8 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##8,10","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(8 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##12,16","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(8 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##18,19","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(8 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##21,25","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(8 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##27,29","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(8 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##31,37","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(8 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##39,44","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(8 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##46,46","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(8 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##48,52","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(8 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##54,57","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(8 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##59,62","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(8 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##64,65","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(8 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##67,73","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(8 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##0,6","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(8 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##8,11","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(8 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##13,15","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(8 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##17,23","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(8 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##25,29","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(8 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##31,39","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(8 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##41,44","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(8 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##46,48","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(8 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##50,56","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(8 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##58,62","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(8 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##0,3","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(8 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##5,6","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(8 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##8,11","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(8 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##13,15","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(8 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##17,22","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(8 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##24,27","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(8 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##29,30","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(8 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##32,33","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(8 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##35,37","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(8 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##39,45","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(8 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##47,55","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(8 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##57,63","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(8 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##0,4","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(8 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##6,8","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(8 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##10,14","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(8 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##16,27","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(9 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##0,3","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(9 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##5,5","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(9 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##7,15","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(9 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##17,20","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(9 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##22,29","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(9 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##31,34","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(9 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##36,37","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(9 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##39,42","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(9 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##44,52","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(9 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##54,55","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(9 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##57,64","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(9 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##0,5","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(9 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##7,9","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(9 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##11,16","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(9 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##18,23","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(9 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##25,31","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(9 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##33,38","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(9 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##40,48","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(9 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##50,54","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(9 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##0,2","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(9 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##4,5","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(9 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##7,12","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(9 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##14,17","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(9 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##19,26","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(9 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##28,31","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(9 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##33,34","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(9 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##36,41","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(9 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##43,47","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(9 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##49,53","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(9 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##0,3","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(9 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##5,7","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(9 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##9,11","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(9 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##13,19","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(9 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##21,24","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(9 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##26,31","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(9 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##33,36","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(9 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##38,42","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(9 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##44,46","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(9 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##48,54","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(9 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##56,59","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(9 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##0,3","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(9 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##5,6","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(9 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##8,12","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(9 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##14,17","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(9 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##19,21","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(9 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##23,32","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(9 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##34,37","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(9 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##39,43","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(9 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##45,47","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(9 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##49,55","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(9 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##57,61","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(9 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##0,3","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(9 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##5,8","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(9 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##10,13","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(9 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##15,16","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(9 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##18,29","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##0,2","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##4,6","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##8,13","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##15,21","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##23,28","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##30,31","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##33,35","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##37,42","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##44,48","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##50,54","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##56,59","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##0,3","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##5,7","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##9,13","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##15,16","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##18,19","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##21,23","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##25,28","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##30,31","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##33,36","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##38,40","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##42,45","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##47,48","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##50,52","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##54,61","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##0,6","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##8,14","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##16,19","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##21,22","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##24,30","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##32,34","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##36,36","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##38,44","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##46,49","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##51,52","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##54,62","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##0,3","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##5,5","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##7,14","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##16,19","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##21,24","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##26,33","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##35,40","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##42,48","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##50,53","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##55,59","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##61,66","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##0,1","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##3,5","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##7,12","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##14,15","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##17,20","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##22,26","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##28,30","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##32,33","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##35,36","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##38,42","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##44,47","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##49,53","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##55,62","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##0,4","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##6,8","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##10,14","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(10 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##16,27","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(11 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##0,8","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(11 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##10,11","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(11 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##13,15","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(11 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##17,25","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(11 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##27,32","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(11 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##34,35","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(11 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##37,41","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(11 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##43,44","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(11 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##46,50","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(11 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##52,58","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(11 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##0,11","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(11 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##13,16","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(11 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##18,19","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(11 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##21,25","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(11 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##27,28","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(11 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##30,35","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(11 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##37,38","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(11 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##40,42","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(11 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##44,47","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(11 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##49,53","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(11 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##55,57","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(11 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##59,63","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(11 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##0,5","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(11 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##7,10","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(11 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##12,15","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(11 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##17,23","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(11 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##25,30","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(11 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##32,35","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(11 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##37,46","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(11 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##48,55","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(11 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##0,7","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(11 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##9,12","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(11 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##14,16","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(11 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##18,25","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(11 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##27,32","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(11 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##34,36","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(11 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##38,41","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(11 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##43,46","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(11 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##48,49","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(11 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##51,55","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(11 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##57,63","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(11 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##0,4","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(11 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##6,12","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(11 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##14,22","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(11 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##24,30","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(11 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##32,33","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(11 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##35,37","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(11 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##39,43","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(11 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##45,48","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(11 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##50,51","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(11 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##53,57","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(11 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##59,64","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(11 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##0,3","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(11 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##5,7","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(11 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##9,15","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(11 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##17,28","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(12 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##0,2","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(12 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##4,6","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(12 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##8,12","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(12 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##14,18","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(12 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##20,28","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(12 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##30,31","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(12 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##33,35","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(12 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##37,40","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(12 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##42,45","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(12 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##47,54","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(12 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##0,7","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(12 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##9,9","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(12 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##11,17","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(12 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##19,19","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(12 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##21,29","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(12 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##31,34","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(12 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##36,37","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(12 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##39,43","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(12 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##45,46","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(12 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##48,52","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(12 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##54,56","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(12 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##58,61","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(12 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##63,65","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(12 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##67,71","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(12 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##0,4","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(12 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##6,9","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(12 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##11,13","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(12 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##15,20","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(12 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##22,29","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(12 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##31,31","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(12 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##33,38","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(12 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##40,45","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(12 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##47,48","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(12 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##50,56","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(12 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##0,4","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(12 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##6,9","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(12 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##11,16","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(12 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##18,25","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(12 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##27,30","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(12 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##32,35","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(12 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##37,43","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(12 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##45,48","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(12 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##50,51","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(12 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##53,56","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(12 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##0,3","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(12 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##5,8","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(12 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##10,14","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(12 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##16,24","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(12 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##26,33","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(12 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##35,40","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(12 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##42,44","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(12 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##46,52","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(12 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##54,57","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(12 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##59,60","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(12 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##62,65","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(12 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##0,4","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(12 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##6,7","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(12 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##9,16","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(12 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##18,29","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(13 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##0,3","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(13 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##5,5","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(13 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##7,9","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(13 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##11,17","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(13 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##19,20","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(13 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##22,30","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(13 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##32,34","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(13 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##36,37","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(13 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##39,46","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(13 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##48,57","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(13 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##0,1","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(13 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##3,5","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(13 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##7,10","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(13 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##12,16","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(13 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##18,22","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(13 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##24,27","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(13 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##29,31","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(13 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##33,38","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(13 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##40,43","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(13 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##45,46","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(13 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##48,54","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(13 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##56,60","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(13 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##0,3","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(13 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##5,7","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(13 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##9,12","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(13 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##14,14","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(13 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##16,18","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(13 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##20,28","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(13 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##30,33","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(13 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##35,36","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(13 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##38,41","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(13 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##43,44","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(13 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##46,49","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(13 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##51,59","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(13 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##0,1","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(13 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##3,5","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(13 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##7,15","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(13 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##17,22","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(13 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##24,29","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(13 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##31,34","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(13 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##36,38","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(13 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##40,49","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(13 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##51,57","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(13 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##59,63","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(13 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##0,2","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(13 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##4,8","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(13 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##10,22","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(13 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##24,29","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(13 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##31,34","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(13 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##36,38","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(13 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##40,49","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(13 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##51,58","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(13 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##60,64","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(13 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##0,2","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(13 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##4,8","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(13 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##10,15","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(13 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##17,19","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(13 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##21,30","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##0,4","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##6,15","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##17,19","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##21,23","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##25,28","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##30,36","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##38,45","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##47,50","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##52,53","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##55,60","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##62,67","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##0,4","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##6,7","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##9,14","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##16,20","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##22,26","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##28,37","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##39,45","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##47,48","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##50,52","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##54,59","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##61,66","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##0,8","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##10,10","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##12,17","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##19,22","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##24,26","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##28,31","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##33,36","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##38,41","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##44,45","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##47,51","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##53,58","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##60,61","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##63,66","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##68,71","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##73,76","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##0,6","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##9,15","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##17,19","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##21,29","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##31,34","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##36,38","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##40,47","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##49,50","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##52,58","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##0,1","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##3,5","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##7,8","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##10,14","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##16,19","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##21,24","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##26,33","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##35,37","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##39,44","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##46,49","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##51,54","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##56,63","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##0,4","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##6,8","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##10,14","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(14 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##16,27","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(15 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##0,9","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(15 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##11,14","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(15 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##16,17","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(15 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##19,24","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(15 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##26,27","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(15 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##29,33","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(15 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##36,42","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(15 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##44,49","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(15 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##51,52","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(15 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##54,57","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(15 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##59,60","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(15 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##62,67","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(15 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##0,6","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(15 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##8,14","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(15 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##16,20","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(15 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##22,23","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(15 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##25,31","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(15 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##33,39","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(15 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##41,46","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(15 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##48,51","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(15 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##53,56","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(15 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##58,64","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(15 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##0,7","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(15 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##9,11","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(15 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##13,15","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(15 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##17,26","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(15 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##28,29","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(15 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##31,34","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(15 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##36,41","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(15 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##43,46","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(15 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##48,56","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(15 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##0,1","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(15 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##3,6","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(15 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##8,11","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(15 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##13,14","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(15 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##16,21","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(15 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##23,29","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(15 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##33,36","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(15 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##38,39","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(15 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##41,46","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(15 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##48,48","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(15 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##50,56","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(15 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##0,1","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(15 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##3,7","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(15 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##10,11","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(15 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##13,17","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(15 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##19,22","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(15 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##24,25","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(15 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##27,33","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(15 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##36,39","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(15 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##41,42","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(15 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##45,48","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(15 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##50,52","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(15 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##54,54","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(15 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##56,64","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(15 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##0,4","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(15 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##6,8","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(15 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##10,14","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(15 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##16,27","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##0,9","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##11,14","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##16,17","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##19,24","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##26,27","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##29,33","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##36,42","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##44,49","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##51,52","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##54,57","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##59,60","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##62,67","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##0,1","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##3,6","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##8,13","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##15,18","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##20,24","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##26,30","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##32,33","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##36,37","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##39,42","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##44,46","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##48,49","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##51,54","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##56,60","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##0,3","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##5,8","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##10,13","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##15,18","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##20,25","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##27,31","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##33,35","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##37,42","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##44,46","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##48,54","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##56,62","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##0,1","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##3,7","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##9,13","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##15,15","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##17,23","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##25,30","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##32,35","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##37,39","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##41,46","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##48,51","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##53,58","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##0,4","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##6,6","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##8,11","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##13,15","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##17,23","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##25,30","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##32,35","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##37,39","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##41,46","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##48,51","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##53,60","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##0,4","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##6,8","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##10,14","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(16 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##16,27","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##0,2","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##4,7","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##9,12","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##14,16","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##18,21","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##23,24","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##26,33","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##35,38","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##40,41","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##43,49","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##51,51","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##53,61","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##63,72","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##0,3","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##5,8","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##10,13","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##15,18","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##20,22","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##24,30","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##32,34","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##36,38","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##40,46","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##48,56","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##58,63","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##0,4","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##6,7","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##9,13","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##15,19","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##21,22","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##24,24","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##26,30","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##32,33","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##35,38","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##40,42","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##44,46","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##48,51","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##53,56","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##58,64","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##0,4","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##6,7","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##9,18","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##20,28","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##31,34","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##36,38","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##40,43","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##45,49","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##51,52","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##54,58","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##0,3","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##5,7","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##9,12","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##14,17","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##19,21","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##23,24","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##26,31","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##33,35","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##37,40","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##42,44","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##46,49","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##51,54","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##56,58","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##60,61","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##63,68","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##0,4","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##6,8","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##10,14","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(17 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##16,27","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##0,2","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##4,6","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##8,13","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##15,19","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##21,29","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##31,35","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##37,38","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##40,47","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##49,53","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##55,56","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(1 of .line)##58,64","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##0,1","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##3,5","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##7,12","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##14,17","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##19,20","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##22,27","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##29,32","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##34,38","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##40,41","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##43,49","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(2 of .line)##51,55","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##0,2","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##4,6","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##8,11","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##13,16","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##18,20","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##22,24","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##26,32","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##34,35","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##37,37","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##39,43","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##45,48","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##50,51","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(3 of .line)##53,61","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##0,2","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##4,6","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##8,17","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##19,22","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##24,26","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##28,36","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##38,43","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##45,47","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##49,54","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##56,57","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##59,61","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(4 of .line)##63,68","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##0,2","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##4,5","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##7,10","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##12,15","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##17,19","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##21,24","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##26,31","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##33,36","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##38,41","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##43,50","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##52,53","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##55,57","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(5 of .line)##59,63","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##0,4","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##6,7","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##9,14","label":"Words"}
{"selector":":nth-child(18 of .stanza) > :nth-child(6 of .line)##17,26","label":"Words"}